Updating TCP deprecation notes and supported clients (#3956)
EventStore/EventStore: docs/README.md

EventStoreDB offers a low-level protocol in the form of an asynchronous TCP protocol that exchanges protobuf objects. At present this protocol has adapters for .NET and the JVM.

::: warning Deprecation Note

> TCP protocol will be available only through version 23.10. Please plan to refactor your applications that use the TCP protocol to use gRPC instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TCP protocol will be available only through version 23.10. Please plan to migrate your applications that use the TCP client SDK to use the gRPC SDK instead.
```
it's more a migration than a refactor , 
using SDK in line with paragraph above

:::

Find out more about configuring the TCP protocol on the [TCP configuration](networking.md#tcp-configuration) page.

#### EventStoreDB supported clients

- [.NET Framework and .NET Core](http://www.nuget.org/packages/EventStore.Client)

#### Community supported clients

- [Node.js (x-cubed/event-store-client)](https://github.com/x-cubed/event-store-client)

> - [Node.js (nicdex/node-eventstore-client)](https://gitork.org/nicdex/node-eventstore-client)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Node.js (nicdex/node-eventstore-client)](https://github.com/nicdex/node-eventstore-client)
```
the other domain does not exists anymore

> - [Maven plugin (fuinorg/event-store-maven-plugin)](https://github.com/fuinorg/event-store-maven-plugin)

Reviewer: ( is an archived repo)

- [Go (jdextraze/go-gesclient)](https://github.com/jdextraze/go-gesclient)
- [PHP (prooph/event-store-client)](https://github.com/prooph/event-store-client/)
- [JVM Client (EventStore/EventStore.JVM)](https://github.com/EventStore/EventStore.JVM)

> - [Haskell (EventStore/EventStoreDB-Client-Haskell)](https://github.com/EventStore/EventStoreDB-Client-Haskell)

Reviewer: Should we make a note that all those are TCP based and will not work with 23.10 onwards ?

Author: I feel like that is covered by the deprecation note which applies to this whole TCP section, but I am happy to add another note in this "community supported clients" section as well. It may be a good place to also explain that community supported clients are developed and maintained by community members, not Event Store.

### HTTP

EventStoreDB also offers an HTTP-based interface, based specifically on the [AtomPub protocol](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5023). As it operates over HTTP, this is less efficient, but nearly every environment supports it.

Find out more about configuring the HTTP protocol on the [HTTP configuration](networking.md#http-configuration) page.

::: warning Deprecation Note

> The current AtomPub-based HTTP application API is disabled by default since v20 of EventStoreDB. You can enable it by adding an [option](networking.md#atompub) to the server configuration. Although we plan to remove AtomPub support from future server versions, the server management HTTP API will still be available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current AtomPub-based HTTP application API is disabled by default since v20 of EventStoreDB. You can enable it by adding an [option](networking.md#atompub) to the server configuration. Although we plan to remove AtomPub support from future server versions, the server management HTTP API will remain available.
```
